README.md, before:

List of subsystem we will have:
- DriveTrainSubsystem
  - Swerve modules (4) each including
    - Drive motor
    - Steer motor
    - CANcoder for steering angle
  - Pigeon IMU
  - Connected to roroRIO using CANivore so all drivetrain motors and sensors are on a high speed CAN FD bus
- ArmSubsystem
  - Controls movement of the arm
    - Algae manipulation
    - Climbing
  - Motors
    - Pair of motors driving arm position and holding position as needed
  - Sensors
    - Angular position of arm
      - How will we zero this encoder so we know the starting position?
    - Cage engaged for climbing sensor?
- CoralSubsystem
  - Would handle coral intake and drop off
  - Motors
    - Single motor
  - Sensors
    - Detect coral loaded
- AlgaeShooterSubsystem
  - Algae intake, processor drop off, and shooting into the barge
  - Motors
    - Two intake and shooting motors driving upper and lower rollers - independently controlled
    - Single motor for algea retention and to feed into shooting rollers
  - Sensors
    - Algae loaded sensor
- ClimbLockSubsystem
  - Engages cage locks to secure arm to cage
  - Motors
    - Single DC motor with attached gearbox to rotate cage locks into locked position
  - Sensors
    - Encoder on lock motor to measure lock rotation from full open
- LEDSubsystem
  - Lights to help indicate different things on the robot + help us stay in the game
- VisionSubsystem
  - Help us to navigate the field

Commit message:

Refined coral handling section to more accurately reflect Everybot design
Intake of coral is passive

README.md, after:

List of subsystem we will have:
- DriveTrainSubsystem
  - Swerve modules (4) each including
    - Drive motor
    - Steer motor
    - CANcoder for steering angle
  - Pigeon IMU
  - Connected to roroRIO using CANivore so all drivetrain motors and sensors are on a high speed CAN FD bus
- ArmSubsystem
  - Controls movement of the arm
    - Algae manipulation
    - Climbing
  - Motors
    - Pair of motors driving arm position and holding position as needed
  - Sensors
    - Angular position of arm
      - How will we zero this encoder so we know the starting position?
    - Cage engaged for climbing sensor?
- CoralSubsystem
  - Would handle coral intake and drop off - since the coral is dropped in passively from the loading station we really just need the motor to score it
  - Motors
    - Single motor
  - Sensors
    - Detect coral loaded?  Not even sure we need this as our coral loading is all passive from the loading station
- AlgaeShooterSubsystem
  - Algae intake, processor drop off, and shooting into the barge
  - Motors
    - Two intake and shooting motors driving upper and lower rollers - independently controlled
    - Single motor for algea retention and to feed into shooting rollers
  - Sensors
    - Algae loaded sensor
- ClimbLockSubsystem
  - Engages cage locks to secure arm to cage
  - Motors
    - Single DC motor with attached gearbox to rotate cage locks into locked position
  - Sensors
    - Encoder on lock motor to measure lock rotation from full open
- LEDSubsystem
  - Lights to help indicate different things on the robot + help us stay in the game
- VisionSubsystem
  - Help us to navigate the field
